[DOC] Add landing page and focus for Obs as Code docs (#104832)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/observability-as-code/get-started.md

# Get started with Observability as Code

Grafana provides a suite of tools for **Observability as Code** to help you manage your Grafana resources programmatically and at scale. This approach lets you define dashboards, data sources, and other configurations in code, enabling version control, automated testing, and reliable deployments through CI/CD pipelines.

Historically, managing Grafana as code involved various community and Grafana Labs tools, but lacked a single, cohesive story. Grafana 12 introduces foundational improvements, including new versioned APIs and official tooling, to provide a clearer path forward.

## Grafana CLI (`grafanactl`)

Use the official command-line tool, `grafanactl`, to interact with your Grafana instances and manage resources via the new APIs.

> - It's the recommended tool for automation and direct API interaction, suitable for CI/CD pipelines and local development or ad-hoc tasks. It supports pulling/pushing configurations from remote instances, validating configs, and more.

Author: ```suggestion
- It's the recommended tool for automation and direct API interaction, suitable for CI/CD pipelines and local development or free-form tasks. It supports pulling/pushing configurations from remote instances, validating configurations, and more.
```
